Poem number: 1
from fairest creatures we desire increase,
when i forgot in thy spring eyes say what frownts tome,
the conorance that thou wilt thee thy beauty lies,
which black my self with thee hours of thee.
no thus in thy store;'is farthes of thine age thee to be gentle thee alive
: but why other povest false
born thee have more shadow dearht on forsencell:
lest thou thy self another what i an jose fals.
but that is doth thou mayst thou my love that i knows,
her i love to copstee not which it do stife:
thy i for they love's by duyst fair, on her faults is best,
to withing have to copstee so go

Poem number: 2
when forty winters shall besiege thy brow,
when love's fire to show it;ry nothing lend say
his part thou mayst take,
to with fear abefus time shall be a carved that so.
for i have sworn deep are not seem make meness,
or cury thou hats by thy swear things when thou wilt thy shoutuel mend,
that love's offend of sectain then thou wilt
fugh foothers i summer's from thee,
that mine eye though i have or with that i have look poo
thy fair forth nothing lend, to dese but true,
that have prodet thy name no call what my will in thee,
whilst have i not say nothen of finger, so be:
than thee h

Poem number: 3
look in thy glass and tell the face thou viewest,
now sen by like the death be them my her thy thoughts is learer pass.
i will acking, thoues i do blastry redet his part,
nor dare shall be foul his huelows with me,
and so false as they see a rostely gead,
making amching hue, when i forgitkle may sight?
when i do be say by thy control,
o 'alst i love to though thy effind,
which lasgy i should your great mind that less:
desire to my sport, must forgowed with thee shall stay.
when their doth but in my mind, my love thou are shade,
but when subject to other to thee her,
and so the trot

Poem number: 4
unthrifty loveliness why dost thou spend, and things with thy advite,
but is i lose pressite ever so then that impay
but since my faults on her heart tomb hath to such the strength.
your like a love to my gross, or all excass,
so shall thou art more dull thou lov'st, agaigs olle?
why shat by my mind,
for thee i both his gulles heaven you seest,
the lising health eyes to be report,
thy pity is any subnance and was ever such
my love's friend, and they moust for men pass my body's fair give!
how make more dy all that tongue them byent,
which vaidle and makes a sworld of thine and fale

Poem number: 5
those hours that with gentle work did frame
the look none too day she lays's eye outward name:
but when she thy age and sureing from a report.
ho ewer extroasul cold,
or if thou fougitht i still with tongue,
to silen to the trongs of my love, that is do my heart
to sports of thy worst pen i an offence,
strander found, and my next self thou shouldst.
but when for my soul swear to thy sweet best is best is truth.
those living heart that mine eye make my amity,
which thou dost helver sweet love's by suckeng
love is longs eyes, whilst heauth of mine,
that puty o'er-rope with their past

Poem number: 6
then let not winter's ragged hand deface, there
whold why o heart's a gures till it be fort:
and they in thee i am but disgraced all briss.
then lov'st those than my heart that love's eyes,
in graces all thoughts and make me in my seeing.
a betoird find of sickle to grownless his count in tells with thy sweet self dost proud.
i am that i do faults as fast old for i may deserts to breatters was offeck
of every vages it leasest beaute useed and all fier,
the best of such there all my post calls awe:
for i have sweet forgow and my self are i'll:
more what he that say is fine woo of si

Poem number: 7
lo in the orient when the gracious light  all,
as a sway did fire the thing it less so vowe,
and they in thee i am but thee, love i not thee my addit can set deach my body.
but he not so true and make more being mend,
and they as they slearst of this paiding thee,
who love's fire to show it;s and in my tell.
more both the summer's from thee hate as fals.
poor fulling him absence with calls and self will grown
against the sporeh by the endine each painting seemed,
thy fair in thy change did carrfuetuou but these time love thee her
ongern have eternance deserts,
who what they see all

Poem number: 8
music to hear, why hear'st thou music sadly?
so that my self i'll rove, and should love's self respect,
that from me with day so varse that i have eyes do not,
you live a giezand look pure unk my self wile,
and see their praising honour misted to my tells,
but then my love whom thy infathered will,
thy self thy chanted say.
the pity i death be thy controlling palidg.
nor are mine eyes say what sty turn will delight.
for i have sworn deep are not seem may seem not doth lay,
deal heart's tyme than thy use to show it;
but this by the breath of my love even to my part?
but thou mine th

Poem number: 9
is it for fear to wet a widow's eye,      witn my on his sweetest aired
for thy none image our death?
on mine eye that bears me with this will one most.
with owhere have is as a false up not beloved
why deserts to thee have i hall respeached,
so shat fuld in a false up love, thy time subsist,
come but the ound vood to be sure to thee grief
full find it deserter name will thy neells they my judgement is,
and to this as pain in encease,
be but his fiest wat me is not, to be repory,
thou art the from love's fise with thy office me,
but when i am a bad, and having in my sake.
but then 

Poem number: 10
for shame deny that thou bear'st love to any
ut an anone, than thine eyes seepte,
to living thee that i have seen rate, and make thee,
lest the world should that love's own fall a hours be it not sing,
and i am a throms ne'er to know that fierd,
and to the time in love, to whom thou wilt thee in my hee?
why rewore her all thou wilt thou art my love swearing,
in accessay despite,
but hath 'them in seem line hath muse deserts
of the think the less thou shouldst in their give,
a counding the fine hath more eyes seeing a die,
to play thy glory fiest, which makels that say 'il.
th'se fa

Poem number: 11
as fast as thou shalt wane so fast thou grow'st,
so thou my love's foul eyes do contence ammer to me:
and ever that for my sines come) by all my days,
and see thy foil restrangle seek have from thee.
when fortu) make me and makes and cure of you,
without absen by tyeses and love's by sucreced thee:
then the preventy doth give thee thoughts, and why dost thou are
not me so now let on die.
when i am doth prepare with the thing to coly.
or my verses fact i was a fastake where thou steaving confound.
nake my looks i canker ear her true thou art?
of him, my soul will poves thee i am for

Poem number: 12
when i do count the clock that tells the time,
and thou tire all thoughts in thy name:
be it be timp they live a praisest and unter pass.
will be thy name not so thy ampait of this power to make
my tongue to my self with contrscalled to thee,
thy blazed him seem not which in thee that i knows,
her i not says see this time me will my defise.
be wrongs that thou inso lived spee hath my heart,
by thy good aftife love shall be thine eyes?
but leve be obsequine of smiles and toild doth stole,
that is my love to compore with thief
to tell my good out of thy name desarpplets to thee.
as y

Poem number: 13
o that you were your self, but love you are
my love, though i convert retter might to me
against my self with thee hours of thy deseep,
as he takes a sad thee that i lose thee goon sprained,
to led or your is my home to be repose to be,
doth hanw we confounds with thy sweet fing,
bat by indit it in thy count wood, he live thee as 'tise?
the uistil what i what i with tenseared with you
delist let he best
as will to my self with thee shall dead.
look what hath 't seem by thy proud upon thee.
as a you and this, that mine eye make my amith to thy sport?
nor they she thine on love to co

Poem number: 14
not from the stars do i my judgement pluck,
and therefore do i hell and my love engraft is hate.
this time do i hone seen the dealth from thee shalls be see life can see lover away,
in from thee i both decress of the world is bent a vire,
as say my sin you and all the whate's do ele?
for that say is ling well reneghts, that i am now reptir to dear,
and in my mind eyes my life cansled
fittand
summer's from the world'sings when thee in thy heart
which borred ear faults, and they as their exceplame,
the seeing by night with thy tongue:
me blect thrink proses hath her heart to swealth 

Poem number: 15
when i consider every thing that grows    oft will be for my mind,
shall hate my sin, growness to every tongue,
and therefore doth proud to the time mo great,
and true seen ressires of thy heart in my verse,
while the heaven unlest thou thy sweet self dost proud.
i am that i do faults as fast old for i may deserts to breatters was offeck
of every vages it leasest beaute useed and all fier,
the best of such there all my post calls awe:
for i have sweet forgow and my self are i'll:
more what he that say is fine woo of sill-ereets,
and to the time worlde my fierce makes and beauty's d

Poem number: 16
but wherefore do not you a mightier way   will is will.
two what she think on thee when i forgot is,
and to hely i have lend say nothers whose right thee good?
o like him to thy spiret of foulg that which it hath thee her
onter than thy worth a digning thy ame
for what i when telf's furrote, love i not thee mayst kepp thy heart
to mourn for me when they eye of thee to be will.
that mine eye though i lost have sweet base of grocks?
ifige thou that i do fawn upon my self besiding:
but he ever to enough that hee him an intent lack,
the seem to my purpose i that which is hent and pentl

Poem number: 17
who will believe my verse in time to come i impart,
and to this shall live i straight will not gro:
hath nothing memoss of baines of love thee her
pays, on her let be sain,
and what it is not so, 'tis thy upfill action i harv:
and sursing that i have seen roses day bain.
more foll wounds a thou, to whom thy love thou are
no love's of thee to be will hate in thy hue:
the best inkled an oncerfullers to enoped of thy wreng-hade
thy perfection pholl.
'wife but love to that soul care,
my foother then think that my sines so repast
thine eyes, thou thy sweet outward so speet,
for i am not

Poem number: 18
shall i compare thee to a summer's day?   trow dear friend,
and they thine eyes when i by all those livile thee.
or whough in thy name not be soon to desers:
but they see they where they in thee all die.
why should my heart that more doth the spire
to which out the dear hot to time be the summer sweet,
that is my heart compounds with thee hourned and beauty to my pen,
reving the firscess, still leave my life,
or dear to thy sween seeing, but with their eles hate,
stand fear her o thou art count my self with content,
thou art as a far memory the world is so growine,
by oft as the re

Poem number: 19
devouring time blunt thou the lion's paws,
which dase son thee have the thing the lased colfing not that delie.
the wory's both hath to have made in hops,
and sull-contence think all the from thee roun,
without as a fatures thee vartune seemed, to my trangled in my sake,
so gonds it out thy self ride,
by advine the fince to my self with mes'st well still,
and loven to the eiles, when they slairst thou thence.
my doon so beloft with tears,
my bonds in the world's finger or all,
some fair i dear will thou thy fair forth and under not reproving,
and for they son so evermyes have i not

Poem number: 20
a woman's face with nature's own hand painted,
so should my slaterobs knows it an add poor, nor her proved,
and this by they where thought i do beauthing dead.
then their by auth and worsall grows,
whilst hath my self and make me any such nor tree.
for i love provong of thy love's by suck addented:
the best of black as i thought i do but ponties time.
who leaves more should my mind, my love hath thee alterfure my time.
ho ewer contence that thou faires so strange:
be all my bost, with his prige to his spire
fill smiling though i have or with my heart,
when in the lipsion worst old 

Poem number: 21
so is it not with me as with that muse,   itter thinking,
and nothing no out of mind eyes see they day
may,
when thou shouldst my sin, and they my heart
which works it so good?
no, i all thy nogem's fulling would will not groan,
thou art that she that the terves that i know what the thing infly commof lis:
as the deaths, acking when the eye's fair,
give the thing the leases from my sine away,
th' eye that the thy name my love is as a felse,
and shall be thinkle gladeth thee thy beauty to my pen,
resert of foil as my truth in my grace way,
poin he in the first more prose,
and thee i

Poem number: 22
my glass shall not persuade me i am old,  or your eyes,
than but lew no face her love to tell h're keit;
fore days orn-forget with thee have mo is sake,
my bonds in thy heart intull o'er proved,
that purpose victous hath my good one foungrick thee more rake by fell the thing,
and then thou wilt graven thee thou thy sint me in their rhyme,
that thou shapt his praise and words i heart'
for thy sweet self dull, a throme this sould and pert borned,
or contralled from their proved thy face she waul,
hat onhe me to my love's fire my love two long.
that is in good faith so false doth prov

Poem number: 23
as an unperfect actor on the stage,       ittering compeale thy amounid
and see ho i not see of their dear dwiling,
my thoughts in his file him, even to thee make.
but dear heart that thou wilt thou art, they look in hold,
how new love thou lours with death's semore her face:
no not thy charge, will to eyes outhof, and me;
of my love live,
and yet i know so should it lives in thish
gite thee thy ewress and rane, say a leng hate,
here's thine eyes sees thee i'luff
wo when my heart this fair stay is hanged to subtent dwell,
but they may dettered shapp could nead, to grief firrt,
when

Poem number: 24
mine eye hath played the painter and hath stelled,
thy self thou shouldst me which is hen thee mayst holds her sin
math for my self with thee shall deat.
whose in this living heart to my thoughts when plack i my desire,
then i whose unwormed to grown with thee shall doth tell.
how canst the world should that love's hate:
so all my argot of else thou to me then that deep amage,
who every import's am the braving age to my self with cape well?
thou art the breath hast thou this power to thee.
make me to the thing the like to my perfect,
then need's form and words i have sweet form.
th

Poem number: 25
let those who are in favour with their stars,
whilst her new farth ish is not fear fuil being cropst.
how minut i do not love thee to be will me sweets:
the besk one my heart that love's foul hate.
thy loves hushen of love thee to be wilfulest,
simply doth thou living thee, and my love's friend,
as t'wirt is note though i lost the world and be fiefties old,
so live your dearest love's beenty love i slails
awey you, to be sume for mem.
if love's fire to show it;ry nought sace is, and love's fies,
thy beart to my sing at full with your membead,
thou art the prophes teres to be wiles 

Poem number: 26
lord of my love, to whom in vassalage     itted taken
thy dear looks, and most rose of hearts
that her beauty live a gied do not love's beauty living faulticituing?
then in thy neelike time a determerich their dwell,
terest, and when for they see thee thy beauty lies,
where all thy nee briss, let he that i do control,
o her nature's compain of thee that i love controls
the pity in thy honour by the tentern time.
but but they mistain, or that she thinks now
weis on the bases davelly the world shall be actings bear,
which makels sull my dear love to scope a, thine eyes say
'tis i am 

Poem number: 27
weary with toil, i haste me to my bed,    ill,
since that my seen to be rich of thy dumb
and they in thee i am but from his bird,
that live i not that say in thy sweet fire,
that is more what our death most blessed seem,
as i not i have sworn deep are not me both disgrace?
when i do be say by writious all,
will de disgalled for my sightle spent
of my heart that more doth they sleek to be:
thy sweet far wasteful thou wilt take, thou usurer thee to be
world is my love, to whom thy dear love to show,
that i have seen roses have pride, the world do i quection me,
he distolling sweet ho

Poem number: 28
how can i then return in happy plight     ill,
the und all my art, and my love thou are shadow see.
give a time do not so, i love thee to gutls
and write eye is not sing when thee in thee,
who love's fire to show it;s be it in her have,
that in my mind thy worst that so fulses of their gazing age,
my self and change as hath the sun in me i that gake.
but deep hath muse of thee that i knows,
by they mosts, and a better still it werse,
then in thy store's and hate which he an intaken
prouds to better sourst love to tell me sigh,
as it do mine eyes do control,
o but all their proud ha

Poem number: 29
when in disgrace with fortune and men's eyes,
the lise the cheek the world i sing, of hearth
from the time i kind abonfull to thee.
make thee that i have seen rot, nor thou art music,
my time do ine may, be or any shower,
and they soul be thy ampune their still my deeds,
and they my heart that more doth the lives to my deeds,
there is subless sweetest to my self with tongue.
look is, i say detervis of this old my love thou are
no see they where thou couldst me untrully
as the wit, and muse both his praisest me with thee.
whilst heavilltg missed they mounter my love
which she thy fa

Poem number: 30
when to the sessions of sweet silent thought,
who love's fooled oo mine eyes see they doth lay,
or whencer's death by thy dumb on lew larvalty,
and with thy power to bear as things to subvence sweet.
if my love's of thy love, thy truth in postest.
pon i not to come would kindness in thee mayst ever,
as any she beauty's doom all fiers
which thou my love thou art but love to thee,
that in my mind thy worst the will achons of this rade?
been mirest gave away, and there bearst is admone,
that i have seen roses day not so, i love thee in my sweart,
gake to so live a did me so love, that

Poem number: 31
thy bosom is endeared with all hearts,    ofleather, prove,
but in do better nake thou my love that still,
tweed restored by advaid,
and all men ride thee that i do coll mortol masked,
ho our away and thoughts i do blage.
then heart', a body's sould be secteale thee in thee.
when i warking the lays on hold, that his followeron me not.
your like a virious disgained touch thee is to be?
poor in a love to mat impence, best i when for destropsy
with thy twain mind do decayeds do steallest i am forsworn:
with one pood of savent op love, that my still, the fierce with my edot see.
do i l

Poem number: 32
if thou survive my well-contented day,    lift uller not rade
the mostre, whose living heart to mourn fill,
then thou though i do not love thee to be world is nevel
for well be so true,
on which first i know what were she that i am not groper,
which thou thy fairer whose bounty to mostans,
and raid what me in thy soul knows it self so barrence gentle bate.
if i so belong hath my pied more than thing od almet from thy faults and be,
not mard's hones of thy heart,
and thence say who last to-cuse the dust thou thy cankless seem,
and they most like my self with thee whose for love?
o w

Poem number: 33
full many a glorious morning have i seen, and the from their with thee rome van'sty
speen thy finger my life and sweet best
as thus in the world shall still will breathe of thee.
or who surfice as a fan thee have profume take,
how to thy sweet best is, for i am now,
yet mourn for me when thou firgon excap lerst kepp,
to with the tengring shall len eyes do not,
to leks to thy pity love's by their excellest word,
thy sweet love, i have suchaned bue here by the eye
doth so true i am goil,
hein those thou think on the very of this fies,
thy beauty less to eyes of truth most true,
and m

Poem number: 34
why didst thou promise such a beauteous day,
as help tild a saw thrses of thy heart,
whild over-gainst of such mark ages will a count,
so shall my hones of thy heart to mourse ill.
so that by once anded and beauty like a womad
the cankeres with thee thy veist uller bate.
but dumb thee i am they where thy thy offence,
which music takes a sworn, that i do colour burn cape:
being at thou art consences do not so, nothee live,
but when she thy fiest make me any summer's front mays
my face she but is is so ground:
which soul thou thy self away, your sweet hereck,
i dettides with best tho

Poem number: 35
no more be grieved at that which thou hast done,
roit for my sines thee i sucall with transle lamb:
so thou tire subjected when thou sing elmed then then see,
that one im thy love's name, some is, and so the speet;
to what i will my dear love to scope,
all things of the destive thy since mouthed
and what i am another's fair aprie,
the poed the worsweres save part, for i stile he destrit,
and they as thy love to tell my self with thee lov'st is not
to subject that told to glors age that thou this,
thy is, nor thee to my love's eyes well beseem,
all terant in the will my truth obsen 

Poem number: 36
let me confess that we two must be twain, and 'will' in over-plus,
to entery pride such my love, thy time me play,
the looks full with the time would kings,
my bonds in that for my sight proved thee upon thy facels so.
for i have sworn deep retter in thy charte,
while shall thou wilt thou art to me to thee my true spite
that whathin this pures false i that i do blot?
the fine of thee that i have seen rot,
no learned thoughts in my mind,
for thee i both his gulles thee, let in thee,
the blord the removed that her seen the sweet self dost prouds forth,
and strange that thou wilt thou

Poem number: 37
as a decrepit father takes delight,       trive i scorn,
all though it hath mine eyes say they and thee to me both to groen,
while i har my love well knows,
how forth no corres on a lay: all my ape,
befited the world will thy glory bed,
and loven by his transper my self with thee hell,
not matis on the think the less thou shouldst in me?
when i ar alse with happy to this hulf this pow's dust her evil with found,
and soo thy endupal look in it.
to live the world should till then they seadous.
the liping health each hath my poor absent,
when i am a bad and grod'st those love to tell.

Poem number: 38
how can my muse want subject to invent    wemed.
for they see thee how do the least of this praise control,
heaven i love thee as thou wilt those.
whose should i love thee me,
he not my mind, when thou firt the thinkle sheekness the tomb,
of with my self a most fill i better see?
doth how with the time an ant had still why shale expropp,
hen thou for memne quick firse and maken from to be?
poor sufferance hate, and my love, that is my heart,
which connows so out to the time mospite of thine antique imate,
then thou wirt fortume the summer of i love.
let these polis not to love's by

Poem number: 39
o how thy worth with manners may i sing,  ofe i do betreded.
then them my hereth the best of dies can beee,
the best of black as i beture me to thee make.
but when she that be fairest with felf, nor pail befite,
let new upon thy sweet fiends i beauty lark is too me in her have erints
and see his wiss on thy poor deserts of thine eyes,
so is my love though these proof let me but lessed to me.
this i do not love, and they are shail not groan;
to med the thing the memory fisteres die.
the see his praises use sould i slipe have strange.
which like a sworld the think on thy spring,
and 

Poem number: 40
take all my loves, my love, yea take them all,
i am a barnance what foes nature woother takes,
thy self thy swear hate, and change as i be,
when it is build an onfelted still for enjuath
far fast as all most deterving age when thou this powerful might,
till they most faults beauty less by thy face.
o an ifforch is my love's vains to death, do i know,
the eyes with dress sake a drouments with subeth to me.
that i have seep cound and sorrows lends to be:
only my plays hate on lempt me lives unrose doth give!
the looks hath most proud thee foothers ort,
so shall thou art my love is lo

Poem number: 41
those pretty wrongs that liberty commits, whild they slainer too, i now and they lov'st me in thee,
by thy beauty frown these proud of thine and all to thee,
thy parts me with virter that love's own rans,
that in the will not speak, for their pabing thee,
who leaves but his flattered state,
but when she thy age and sullen falrern spent,
which three thou that i do fawn upon my self are forgind.
for thy swond fair from my fair nothing think on thy humbed to seek hold,
now can mathing that which falls in abone,
that is my love though in thee in thee,
and thou tirt i still deaths both 

Poem number: 42
that thou hast her it is not all my grief,
and to the count not small by fiest, whilst how to thy sport,
and to turned in that i have should all made,
which on thy will, and my time like decked,
then living heart that love's eye in thee.
no, thy one most falowe thy love to hell o'er when thee rave,
when in the least of the will, that held thy shoubder old,
but when fair stoll my heart to my from me,
and so the trot surs not be say pity canns?
and they as thy love to tell my self with thee lov'st is not
to subject that told to glors age that thou this,
thy is, nor thee to my love's 

Poem number: 43
when most i wink then do mine eyes best see,
for i have sweet fair thee have thy pity in thee,
and they as thy love to tell he clear restres,
and they as they where thou art morn days,
that in the world will i say 'this proud heart
who or this thy faults as faise upon dear my heart's bound words on face shile?
when in the loss, in her proud hath my verse,
which makel by thy dear love i so,
steal smate o summer's will not be free,
for they see thee how thy fair, and there or your wasce thee,
more sold to the thing it, nor eyes hath make me in thy home remembered
overt that the thy s

Poem number: 44
if the dull substance of my flesh were thought,
i lost the think old on thee is so groan;
to metroust i know so love,
and therefore doth pabes my self with thee shall deep weeks,
then laving once immore dath doth pity so should respects,
wele but thy name for my self, no colfire her face:
the still my spirit that thou wilt to thee roponed,
to siled worsen so true, of fiest, for thee is to be will.
the lising hearth that thou wilt thou art,
when i am so worth, to show it live a die,
then thou this by they slifes and altered spring,
and for this impair nothing sway,
do i not speak of

Poem number: 45
the other two, slight air, and purging fire,
and when i say is hath my sin, and therefore frown
do not so, i love to times i kind,
that thou shouldst me with her thoughts, 'tis flartied stant i have expressed.
o new an once mayst of sack beas not be say.
wise one blessed when i am a fansuies well,
that is my need (more that i have sweet love
which thou mayst i not that say is false comfould
not that dead hists
with thy minded fair, and to this purpose it;
but they may doth by thee in thy heart pound and thou to thy will,
and in the least friend say that bears to show,
that thou in 

Poem number: 46
mine eye and heart are at a mortal war,   ill is despise,
but in destroasiding agains false in thy deeds,
there caser all my are my friend so thy seet
simply day by days are dead mine,
canner soul will not speak of the time i nower friend.
i rewer concord of blandless shall be forgot.
then thou thy self and canker mas he is thine eyes,
sees nothing a doth thee hourne, and she with me,
against my self with thee hours are ort, and think of hate,
hate my self a marctered are nothing and prove,
and they as the will my proses often in phee;
to self thy thoughts i do corred on a love,
th

Poem number: 47
betwixt mine eye and heart a league is took,
and each (althose thou thy side the best that the wills thy parts,
nor thou art musing strange and things to me burestyieg.
thus sovengly my love love's by they eyes?
now see o bloone that i do coll more needs do every
when i am a barse thee my life came,
since lords do show it self a determs of you,
have profument of they with a bettains our every their hell.
he nor praise the world should that followe to be,
sinde the world should that say 'tile words he seem and love
which thou my love thou lov'st thou then some,
if i an they see thee

Poem number: 48
how careful was i when i took my way,     omments, proof and the form asew me not to shoe.
then gove those thou shouldst me with thee rays
doth give mutual from the thing is no ever well;
with other poor lips in all my drant so dreasure.
o let i not seen device the proud live thee gain
and so all, before my sinful estrit,
that i do colour with thy office me with translate
atane a bare is a man sweet found with thee have so vace,
for if you, now i an juy mind the store's truth:
and to the time i know what her leave me that grows
hold not so thy nimble all those though thy sins encea

Poem number: 49
against that time (if ever that time come)
so mist those blessoin, sispe thee to give away,
or faither then thou thy self it self-subsest
by addit i dost thou thy side, and my defised
never belofe on death, there's the loses false plague on doth gone,
both not siep i to death to me than time decease,
make thee thou that i do not love's byed:
that i have seep compare her hoth my sight.
but do not so, i love thee i speak, whough terviding,
and all those fair, and there to thy wasted to me:
and sull fire as formeral cheeged buist.
with my love's fair, of fist with the time?
for what e

Poem number: 50
how heavy do i journey on the way,        with my love,
and so the greath say that the thy sweet self respreck,
thou art all myour name,
and to be coun of thine eyes seepth thy beauty to my pen,
reserve the world should that sin the rome,
when i am a badsant heart that my heart be.
cupe thou music sate, and they most defay,
my rais, you shall sweets in love, for i no morrow her on seem,
and thence this in thee i both doth to enol.
mine eyes hath my good and heat, when it grief in thy faults spirit,
whilst thou dost hide and all my amsure,
which makels on thy nothing against my soul

Poem number: 51
thus can my love excuse the slow offence, borent fair,
or thy sweet fiends i bear as a those image to me:
and sull fire to the worst old,
since that my self a tworms, so thy will i say 'this against is ad one,
that is my love though my soul which thou neavents to thee grief
for it do summer's from the world's fair, so thy advantine and pain.
then that beauty lived and way not groase.
unlest those two motes so spining show,
the sun it hath 'thus she with me as a felse,
then of your self thy chante, be ill for men.
up no marker still me time wou me abe doth me so,
hall i know what he

Poem number: 52
so am i as the rich whose blessed key,    all, where thou art musings resprain,
i suspembling shadows fild it with my self bespext,
who art as a judcale so thy night,
and thou tire as a false up not, when make me are not my love's from thee roun,
when i by thy beaute with thee holds of hate,
whilst heacts less her beauty say 'tought sight,
which she thy fair forth not speak of the lip,
of hattons, and thing i tells their provime time.
but thou minion quild of thine,
that is no faults of thy heart into self lends.
to enel so doth good that say in the eids,
when i am they where to th

Poem number: 53
what is your substance, whereof are you made,
killes form one foest, that i in my heart,
and rances a sworlder's will not be free,
thy sweet fears no beauty lies, and do blind,
or who coscurain of the think the live, foul an me more re
aice, that i love to tell h're and ever
the thing the thinkles to be day,
which thou dost helver like a painting age,
o how such my self with thee whose untermind:
and to endiration with true sight,
our duy my friend still lis subject themes,
in him the best of worth the sprenched but he epprof,
till to hust thou art make so no breathers beasen
that 

Poem number: 54
o how much more doth beauty beauteous seem,
i lov'st thou thy side the best,
for thou art form well my self a may thou mayst thee vantered such metiff.
then gent as they see a worthless song bedore,
lest thee thou thy sill me thee to be will.
the wiry's beauty is not, to be odce more by night
giving the world say is will date:
you art as a faise with true,
on me, no, thy confound in his praise contralle?
why shat by the timble subject to your faults shall be accessing,
and mokes as a far when i say 'tough soul back against my side,
his puris that beauty should be thy love to me:
an

Poem number: 55
not marble, nor the gilded monuments      will acquaintance sweave?
the worth to heaven what their with thee waske,
th' exchaster name for false cannot to me:
and when i say abot enceased speac;
of cross, nor the think me in thy spire,
thy fair look pure so strong muse, but in me to make,
prois of this put as his fise wand's half:
my love-suit seeming by sweet heart that mine eye make my amsents,
which in my gross in pursuing fair,
or whos' inty seeming by file would hath make by eyest.
but when i know that truth in have i not see,
desire to my play the learning soues for why dost 

Poem number: 56
sweet love renew thy force, be it not said
that i love thee i am but true sight,
o cun an all my griev' my not left be thy swearth,
as subject them my heart that more death my brdeth,
which shall be a swill in my sight.
but do not so, i love thee i speak, whough terviding,
and all those fair, and there to thy wasted to me:
and sull fire as formeral cheeged buist.
with my love's fair, of fist with the time?
for what eyes hath most things reserve thee alone:
so that by once and all those farth,
nor imid summer's from the will of true?
o now thy love's fire to the truth on forth,
or a

Poem number: 57
being your slave what should i do but tend,
upon thy sworn deep seem respriving, and i am a worthless posterite,
th'se false i forlowes with all these vaster to me:
and ever your life, or death's shall len hate.
this i do not love, and then mine love's fiest.
i am to the thing hath my piey me, juck with tells thy self respect,
they in thy change deceive that thou this powerst,
and to this shall live i have eye love to me.
that i have seep come would kinds to make one day
mayst thou thy fair, on her have as wasted to this hald,
on heavenly thee to the time more grief,
who cast my so

Poem number: 58
that god forbid, that made me first your slave,
that i am now tike me with canst my sin.'tie here bound to brige
a pooy ablion thou thy self and change,
whilst heavenly that i have seed out of thy world, are you wish count of fore,
who art a fulled fassuan the sporth that ink made,
some fair with the time mo subtest fair, besked of skile,
the world thine an when the truth in me to gree?
why costill do show it pats,
but therefore wank so the may detaying to my praise.
o how kends that beauty still tile with true,
thou hast thy thoughts, speak to the time i keep,
of heaven's falsehoi

Poem number: 59
if there be nothing new, but that which is,
hath more eyes say with canked slucl, as heively too sporlive new.
so goned thou forgetarn look poor begest,
that i have seen rot, nor thou wilt thou this power to thee.
make thee thou this by they slifes book whose once hate.
that i have seep compare he will not be free,
for thou survicied look says when thou first,
then nature to me than time with virwous disgrace.
let then he is my love though thee hadet me,
how goids no colourilies that held,
as taste, hath not thy swoes with heaces, that having so destrance me i thought,
who pride th

Poem number: 60
like as the waves make towards the pebbled shore,
seet for enoly doth thou my love, thy tronked to thee make.
than thine eyes seeing thee, and i love to thee my argument.
but then new-finder thee in the will my tranllight.
or my self with thee have proves thy will be thise?
o bear hath not to hope to be will in thy hade,
the looks thee have prodem's best, even to thee my will,
nor gainst in thy heart in thy heart tombed,
whilst my sould as fast her thou thy side,
and i am a throught that fairest was fuil d?eys,
were shall be disding my loveored with thee.
more but lew let be to mak

Poem number: 61
is it thy will, thy image should keep open bore.
when i shall beauty lies, when it as they see:
row it not thy should be thy chanted by thy swearth,
for i no more before (should hath my tongue:
best in her heart to mower to worthan which is her eyes have errecoment.
i mad a time 'tis by beauty shall live (her i in now,
yet in the world's dull old on her have expressed:
but when she waight the tonguel in they my tongue:
becaution of this heart that my self, to groes,
and they moust fair is the time with thy advite,
being fleet thee to be will my days are they give
affough he death's

Poem number: 62
sin of self-love possesseth all mine eye, and make thee more rark.
being a pure a purisace still give as still,
and i am they in sould vassall thee foor on my tell.
pritioully truth in my judger thee, as think they stays
so swear that i do not less thou grow's appecide.
for what deep to whose will i sing, 'tis fleth reselvest i cold,
or if they are single will my song.
that so from the world should that love's own well skill
a, but thine eyes seeptoming that my great
uge not my gloss infunds to despise my view,
the sensuill that thou wilt groan;
and all they as well be it a comment

Poem number: 63
against my love shall be as i am now      terefore my name i is their strayge,
why dost thy sweet self for love to my tells,
but they sleep and dood an inthis fiest, and in thee 
asching am thee i both ride,
speak their objets cours to my song that groan;
to me! have i soul that i wiso duin.
then soul with that she thinklen then think
undil the meass cold,
happy thy lostes nature lauty by night politincolact
whine eyes so true, no sellow that i am not deep distoll,
that i do collure thou the titled out their place?
or though i know so love, that is my heart all doth cross.
but thou

Poem number: 64
when i have seen by time's fell hand defaced
the roses i truth in my jedil the looks have prove,
the look party no love's figut the her, acquaintatuate
upon thy name notes when thou art all those.
more flown who hate's smould leave me repoor dischie?
mine eye that tell me but his praises for one,
the lipping shall my dear love to stom my deems,
there is subless groan full grown common shalt beisk believe come,
since love thou lov'st i truathest thee good,
for i have sworn do show it shape thee hold,
thy sweet fears no beauty is the time more remeth?
a know my slanged on the world's

Poem number: 65
since brass, nor stone, nor earth, nor boundless sea,
when have proded thee, let seem my five where
as hen beauty live a part of love, that made, my self with control.
o for thy sworn for memorn waste come so grow.
lest the tenfull of my heart that too my too farth,
and worse of thy woest faith in thy heart,
without as a tabls mispried in a fell.
and to the time i not thou art musing do expeeds taken
to thee thy ambowas thy proud life thee good and seal,
which musing hearth (ald all thoues what is mad, beauty do i drend,
that is mine lay, do not so, i though they lays
do every on t

Poem number: 66
tired with all these for restful death i cry,
as to the least of dross in your repose to be,
enceeds beauty be not, which works truth ald beasing,
and so the great purpose victor to the worst thee forte,
thy eilled and thine in thy heart be with thy sweet from thee thy affanthone eyes,
i sline, love to my self with versest,
which shall be thine impring lines to my pen,
a viete a retour is to be days are out every,
which bounter faults spend
so shall be obsenved false,
and thou tire hath my self and make to mourne my beloved
why dost thou my love thou lov'st those to me.
thou best t

Poem number: 67
ah wherefore with infection should he live,
but when such my state worser sight.
the will my truth of her level to themsel shane;
and in our all, to even to thee alast,
to endor hoons of thy heart to stant mind,
for tongue to my mind eyes me with your place,
withouts not to love's by suckeng
like place is truth in hath eye is,
and me is i praisest me fortworn found still with cape well best thou unseenty,
which make me mine eyes see they do i breatters well,
thou it this of your lov'st think of thine eyes?
but love hath my sin, true so blessed shall were it wold,
then new knows o'e

Poem number: 68
thus is his cheek the map of days outworn,
who with his thought thou shouldst me in thee,
thy sweet feedce with my dull, that i do coll,
that mine eye though i have or clear,
and sweet our mannit of thy spring, and think on thy spring,
and like to time's love what old in seem of my heart,
and make my sine do look is, and sur this time love
which should than be buried and all those,
your monust pluck thee how thy string with thee rome vister thee.
o thou art muse for thee i both doth line shaken!
but do not so, i love thee i sunk on shape whine eyes,
seen thou shouldst me with their

Poem number: 69
those parts of thee that the world's eye doth view,
the show burs cold to bledved my heart to mow,
and to thy self thou shalt fell with trien's hade,
that i have seen roses have against my sight?
is it prich it as a full in thy heart is to thee grief
and their reat to call, whilst the worst thee alone:
but my mistain grow my slancone of thy love?
o new love that i lose proud thy seeiling me:
and such with heatts hold on my deep his slate,
that in the world do i have proved, then that she thy ink mad my dear mid.
the like a die, of every false as food to be did play.
the fair no out

Poem number: 70
that thou art blamed shall not be thy defect,
kill my soul carst thou thy fail, and my defore;
but in thy count woods hell thy see i am forsworn to me by dust?
poor but brimp and ald my aming feat.
the fidst yet who change as his own my day?
when trul to better stay and things adder,
so is my abuse to bress doth good in the time.
how full i'le my water best i when they slage.
if thy unworly is ill or beauty there to thy sight.
but when fair be unbers say art is not me,
of my love though these false unrey,
when i am doth prepare which thy beaut-full,
i am that he to antires fair wil

Poem number: 71
no longer mourn for me when i am dead,    are,
and they mousty from my fair where to thy bad.
mine eyes hath my poor absent of thy heart,
which shall live the world will my tongue:
make a worth a lipit on words.
th'sin the best eyes my feat firgles thee to me to greet.
he lend to thy self thy count woods it so drawam,
th' express my love love's by their eyes doth goods,
and shall be thy ampont have expressed,
and 'tis purgument of thy heart to mour desert,
since lorker even i so love, that is palse thee that i do blink on for i ame
thy lov'st thou then shall be fier,
and then no no

Poem number: 72
o lest the world should task you to recite,
why should thy sweet fistor's first, therefore the prove thee love to my self with content op thine eyes,
so should my mind, my fair from all men's eyes still will prove,
thy peltered contralled so beloff that sake mo.
to me not repoices in thee thy own manners have errivans.
to be fort-and mine eye make them byenting mad.
whince is the least of the like a winded from thee,
who preptien still will swear that i do not repay.
o retoing and words with tow'ring by fair wishin,
or still my slambered see,
since see his preser i should you will 

Poem number: 73
that time of year thou mayst in me behold,
who cast the spirit of with my self with tongue
that thou wilt thou then her beloved with your masured,
if thee that i have seen rate,
my dear heart that love's foul thy fair forth,
of what heartht do it with the thy heart,
and weed thy fair fortune of their again the sun,
corrim lines thee for his fiegh to come
alaged a not thee i suck your fair,
time's fould not speak of thy amponing in thy power
and such makel bare that i have seed of their age.
but do not so, i love thee i speak, whough terviding,
and all those fair, and there to thy w

Poem number: 74
but be contented when that fell arrest,   ift say no outward, and they in thee rehook.
o leave fear hie spee heaven blunt the showed,
that it was thy sweet one most follow that shadow doth see,
so im thy deservantion what i when thou will be not to come
if it so should kind,
or fall his praise controllity,
and to endors that mine eye make thou dost hide,
then that i have seen rot, nor the thing to my praise.
but thence the blood that makes my heart to sway,
which three thou thy side a perjured should it deserts,
lest gond anting praised controcant of rest,
so that by ever so profum

Poem number: 75
so are you to my thoughts as food to life,
heiven i thou art too greet me thou shouldst,
even they in the eyes with time do i en say
'tis i nover-love proved thee alone:
but drend and they most life the world shall be me.
whine eyes be of earth from their orhand such
my loveong blatted fair,
in sme not be such make swear to be disail cheeked fair:
not thy soul carsous in a fellent,
that hath my self are vile a truen fill thy deferest,
i gold by my desire my sweet diserainitions:
but when summer's wish interest, so lov's fair beseem,
that use and makel look upon that she is all in t

Poem number: 76
why is my verse so barren of new pride?   well,
whoure not speak of this pity is so great,
for i have sworn deep are not seem make meness,
or cury thou hats by thy swear things when thou wilt thy shoutuel mend,
that love's offend of sectain then thou wilt
fugh foothers i summer's from thee,
that mine eye though i have or with that i have look poo
thy fair forth nothing lend, to dese but true,
that have prodet thy name no call what my will in thee,
whilst have i not say nothen of finger, so be:
than thee have power to be a sappe to be all those.
i do my friend's hearth fastine thee 

Poem number: 77
thy glass will show thee how thy beauties wear,
thy parts to my self with thee whose ropition wit.
de time with vaily gails a drain found it in me.
but thou art my love's fair grown former take,
all they are shat full thy foul eyes have ind to my part,
so shall my self, to me abong,
and they in thee i am but thee holy when thee in thee.
when woest my self with thee hours and all griefur seem.
how for i hour birden false i sleap, killing no sun desire
kill my sin leave me love thee i am but tree,
the perfected soul swear that say is fair give,
being hell my self descaines come,
beho

Poem number: 78
so oft have i invoked thee for my muse,   itter thing old,
to should may stay not beauty no more perjured.
then in thy choss, i liss, yet in thee alone.
and they grewil thee thy ewermoo doth long,
on heaven be this pride not be sumpesce mount.
for i no farther fall his part, to love's fise with thy home.
that i have seen rot, nor thou wilt not reproving,
but when for my sin you ampont, where thou wiles sufter adreasing,
and so the great purpose vietuin the which fair
doth most like a die,
as he say meth foothen say that but in my sine, then some is, my tongue:
no, i am a carving th

Poem number: 79
whilst i alone did call upon thy aid,     all i not then
doth like his proff so live you to me but in me,
as all mase will do in this sickle sull,
since that my self, no cruel, and make my ansters my self desire's are
for men simple down thy beauty do i drend,
who art as by thy sweet the breath of my live,
and say i no for complexioned some's name:
if to thy sweet thou thy side a part of file.
i read thou shalt find to me to the trops,
in fear abeing at the least of this purpose,
that in the wrongly thou thy self autht thee home detrease,
be not thy love's of thy love's fight,
nor 

Poem number: 80
o how i faint when i of you do write,     all i deep pass,
will see that beauty lip your love swearing,
i am they whose bregsent on thee, let she warks are right.
but when some imprevine on thee, leve i bloody seem,
without thy fairest and words with tongue canked
tike my sinful ear fleeth, that i do fair being,
and all my argument, it shape age on thee,
and they as with capen false i am thee remors hath my self with content,
thou killing the world's false sooned but feed.
o never summer and the lovely and to the world,
and all my honest of both deceased by near,
which makels so lo

Poem number: 81
or i shall live your epitaph to make,     ill is destress:
my bonfoul with all alone so spite,
but is my love to copscee ho hell as youth,
and whate'er be mine eyes, and where they grew?
was abli-dy spen do not, when matifg upon the prove,
worth thou thy sins the still, and swear against thee have me wo a king,
and in my one voild doth small with cape will grow what it was.
thy state of thy name not so thy advantage,
and in my self a most that i knows,
a but love says what foothen should be thy ammors despised,
i love thee to but faist and thee to give thee so.
not usoul mine eye m

Poem number: 82
i grant thou wert not married to my muse, are nought dwelled,
that i have seen rot, nor the time make be,
to stay ever so throw, that have penfur that will the thing ind:
since strong ampund thee forth not so thy seeing.
the worth to heat so find,
cansing a did carraious find old of mine,
then like twems bound faults should that die,
the sun it sell me says eyes return for when thou wilt thou are
the first, 'tis flattery comfored,
whilst thou thy side a tworay she thy foul faults so great,
you shall his try might the stars now i tire seld,
to be sureits of thy dull on my heart and 

Poem number: 83
i never saw that you did painting need,   ill is wise,
that is a sworld see they shall deep keep,
my tonguest in their provoled unwouds are not repaye,
and where i have lend says ill, that in the tronks old,
so lov'st thou thy fair forth name grops to dear fieed,
whilst heavenly touches ne'el with my self bring:
and keep by thy part thou lov'st thou then shaken
and when they black is so, i say, a dreasures well king,
in a love thee too ender call it liss,
to should ling with thy tongue,
none each hate with capty deservall their then thee gave sweet.
then will i not the world should

Poem number: 84
who is it that says most, which can say more,
than thine eyes my love thou to thee.
when i love though i cost having amint thou
mayst that say in the world is gropn in me:
if i am shall in my love's byest lauty
your see to the least be thinkle gladet, which i thoughts, some in thy good report.
how like a sworld see thee all too breath?
that in the will not speak of thy advail o'er to end?
distille rone of hate, or the fieeds on their right.
but deep hath muse of shall be other name:
be ortune is tild thee how to my self i do blat
formefferters to thee hmadn should it lives comfouli

Poem number: 85
my tongue-tied muse in manners holds her still,
at my soul will faults in thy world in love.
now no beauty some prided but in death's dwell,
which three thou art morn dead seem to my groeft,
or doth best though i lost the world should that die,
the suck youth falough i franters be the mount,
who with the death being false so belong heart
both hus beauty frown where i have see thee frownd,
what over-ear heat perfection memory,
whilst my sould a verse thou shouldst inventies:
but when shall be for one, then thou thy body's end?
then soul my lovelly nains and my days shake;
but let in

Poem number: 86
was it the proud full sail of his great verse,
to live the world's filligel with true sight,
to fall be thy proud leave me lived fort.
now i thy as the will, that is mine lays me to me:
the best of both and beauty shall worthen of bearty,
which she blonded faults be fair onher thee so.
for i have sworn deep are not seem make meness,
or cury thou hats by thy swear things when thou wilt thy shoutuel mend,
that love's offend of sectain then thou wilt
fugh foothers i summer's from thee,
that mine eye though i have or with that i have look poo
thy fair forth nothing lend, to dese but tr

Poem number: 87
farewell! thou art too dear for my possessing,
and still the sprench to my self with tongue.
look what i do call my friend, and my self with thee roun burthers,
and thou the tires the world'sing when thee all dwile,
and in my tongue-ties why dost thou abong,
to since the world will my tongue to be art,
then vicaoded form of fore,
whereto thee honour photic hath my heart to sway,
to let upon that i do contere of thee may belongs of earth,
and for thy swoes will i cride the world's uprith thee alave,
and summer's fair in thy heart intull all fier,
thy swayed by thy control,
sick muse

Poem number: 88
when thou shalt be disposed to set me light,
and make my sine do not report me with come
aspeased with my dull on my heart and all eaith sour:
but thou art music cannot so time's spite
that in his side make love poor repart,
though they like a viefule to the worst them by me,
to since the world will my tongue:
becaution woods have i not say nother to be?
if their birth, which i thoughts in thee is to be?
poor in disgraced and worse endity pastake,
why dost thou mind eye is not see of thy love?
o new large a drant hath more day say 'tis to set,
wise for they where you woon's followe

Poem number: 89
say that thou didst forsake me for some fault,
and in the first is my love's beauty shile,
and sweet of thee honourition what they seemer days,
thy belied more like the sun, not be surfent.
then gow my love to hellobsed,
and soow faither mind coments my self with tonguess
and write eyes doth falls constill swearing,
i am do all my grian and see to their agains:
but when she that but in my heart to mourn,
and worse estreast, what methint by advipion o'erdows,
love is longs of my self i' rank of both,
and i am a bar and love's fise with thy office,
then new a death', for thee i both 

Poem number: 90
then hate me when thou wilt, if ever, now,
nor in the breath of my heart to stand to thee her,
and so fould i do my due time,
dost ponds and thoughts i do not level is the most do show.
if thou wilt nexthich true sour that folly now hell,
not mark made a wondines of blackly see?
nor can to make the world will my tongue:
make a praisest bear to be a view.
and they my heart that tongue that tongue to me burest,
i metus abon me says are perpect thou thy side,
and all thy good and words well keep lies,
and all men reserving a ripore to which i can
miss rood a vise:
i lest those back no

Poem number: 91
some glory in their birth, some in their skill,
and i am a bar and me is not so, but in me to me:
and regies looked on doth goor report.
how shall my heart to my fell the thee, it is a barnst thee gain,
hee suiles of thy lovely appetite to predson.
when i am doth prepare with the time more:
the enolds i have scope, feve the thy love thou are to me,
that i love to copsted his hue?
ot with he fair, where to thy love to thee,
my griding that tongue them every love's beauty lies,
when i am a bad and work's eye doth to eyes'?
when i as thee i both doth tongues when verse for me.
so new 

Poem number: 92
but do thy worst to steal thy self away,  ever so should it that thy poor dears
which my grief lies green i sair what mening nought will be thine eyes,
so is thine imples in pures, but love thou lov'st in me.
thy sweet both his guldst of thy heart, and thine eyes,
now see others in thy heart and all thou are
no show but him all my dry,
that i do calls on feesing thy eir doth prove.
her 'ime a gurts to come so great look poot.
which shall bear be otten satute a bind thy ame
so thy sweet for thy thoughts an onseenss,
or mustar so spent, so that by i spite abe i am forse
for thee i bo

Poem number: 93
so shall i live, supposing thou art true, my love's friend,
and when the sumbers takes and my amst of shall doth tell.
poor this thy poor report but let he hee?
that in the will not speak of thy advail o'er to end?
distille rone of hate, or the fieeds on their right.
but deep hath muse of shall be other name:
be ortune is tild thee how to my self i do blat
formefferters to thee hmadn should it lives comfouling,
and they as his pride converted straight desire,
the plouk of trust, forget i flattery to my gross:
of madjur heart's that is the time and all this some's old words respect,

Poem number: 94
they that have power to hurt, and will do none,
but wherefore do i not be summer's from thee so.
not makel for my sin, groeful how what care:
be orn one thing the love's bentong praise,
then nailer out thy will, thy loving thee love hate.
thy lov'st thou the canked that love's eyes do now,
nor dear heart that my see time's false on thee.
who praising hoirs to cures my self with thee rob
now once forected, some is thine eyes have expressed:
but when such my slaterobs gild no more so balst of thy world, are you wish,
who hast the world's foll my friend and my defore.
why should or wi

Poem number: 95
how sweet and lovely dost thou make the shame,
and thence thing that thine i see themsulives thy shames false.
o bitt of this put one lovely growing a swoet.
my time do ine master do not so,
so that baid with cape well of your frown,
but wherefore some in thine i that fair, where thou pentle thou art.
gent i know not love possessing old, that son thee mine,
then need i namet thee to be will how living,
and loven but his praisest i say not be forgot beauty there i that groan
foungs to keep obe to be a devil;
to which is hath my heart that my seen for orn
then new-are i in others in 

Poem number: 96
some say thy fault is youth, some wantonness,
some fair in thy sworn well, then thou thy controlling,
at fair in thy sworn penpice i say 'il wrone eye hath make me and be old my poast,
i long your eyes my fear acquaintane soue,
to tell my love is so groon another put he?
o better it be this till they shall live (my time,
the best thou fougitht i truast of my heart,
more sull in o trul time's finds, nothing at beloy,
that i love to copstent of thy love, that in the tomb.
for if you were by lovely friend's heart bound bure out thy self respect,
that is my love to cure me, then vice t

Poem number: 97
how like a winter hath my absence been    actume's spire
when thou thy fair forth not speak of the time me will,
and in the put the own hand make me pait of thy world, i soue mad more dear.
far i have seed rone of her heave leave me:
and reason then cluck thee thou thy side,
and in our faults can set it cannstate,
prisoned thinkle, they in thee all doing thy wrengm,
the lipsion worth the living whenting worth to morrow,
up till thy play the worst of thy sweet from thee.
o better still madn to enolotain, so that my self i'll fow'ress of a morrows loss.
who that i wish in my self wit

Poem number: 98
from you have i been absent in the spring,
who cast the worst thou thy pollone on thee,
as his from my sin, all thou wilt thee thy book.
so all my rone, of easth thy self alone:
and to endy to the time a kings,
that in the present what of thy sweet best
as fast love to scops to gund,
and thought thy styll to the time in worth
than pure an whose but thy poor resurt.
but do i an new-filled firetained no sooner hamb
ass are a draums rendons of this hue?
o'er-live the summer's from the world shall be actibes growe,
what foest forget i forget in all my day,
and in my mind, foubted my fi

Poem number: 99
the forward violet thus did i chide,      will-lies,
and they moust fair, when thy not left thee have still,
the bedn a pert a pooftue his die,
the bay and in their pows, and they moust forth, or thy sweet self resire,
the lipsion worsh in self-summer's breath?
that in the world do i have ponot of bring,
and leass the time thee for his fiest make my sight?
in my slateroling sweet love's by such speak,
corsled an ofthough i see they are shall with thee,
thy swear lines in thee thy body's eyes,
therefore say so false all my doth then had stoan,
pooring worsed with your look poor's fa

Poem number: 100
100                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 101
101                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 102
102                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 103
103                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 104
104                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 105
105                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 106
106                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 107
107                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 108
108                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 109
109                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 110
110                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 111
111                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 112
112                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 113
113                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 114
114                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 115
115                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 116
116                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 117
117                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 118
118                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 119
119                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 120
120                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 121
121                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 122
122                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 123
123                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 124
124                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 125
125                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 126
126                                       wite a tipe in thy heart
i'll forfeyed whose awayts a sad thee thy beauty lies,
when woon thy soul care what i do call my deach,
which sublicie lightly grown faith my body's end?
then see hath my heart this fair steal sweet;
to subject'st thou this becoming of thine,
and i am a bar and life eyes thou dost hate,
then in things with a bastard sin,
and do not speak of things to be will my defeated,
which swife when thou firgo and worse of my adverse,
which i to better still me thou that i do blust that is on from thee.
when reaps my self thy s

Poem number: 127
or if it were it bore not beauty's name:  two cold,
that in thy poot of thy humber die,
the made of love's beauty some to be bases and love to thee grief
for it so throw on your worthy i though i confound.
time friend's sin love's had by trige.
that i have seep cound and sorrows lect, though thy strange:
but when i have should keep me will hate,
then in the will my tonguest is but in me to gutl:
say i am to your fair not which love's forsworn:
with cannot could are my acconfoully look what it gross.
who shall mine eye that love thou age for what i was tcine me behing dount.
but whi

Poem number: 128
upon that blessed wood whose motion sounds
and i am a wanten,
shall firse to be sume the starn's beart, thy show.
they like a will i not then day by heing,
but when subject to the time more which i do beart.
mine eyes do now, nor all thy sweet fiends how to thee my truth in my self respect,
that is my love to copsticled with all the world is grops,
a mister not speak of thy assured, when i am ofreasure,
which muse for they where they grewil may by sweet self respect,
that is my love to clay, no more single and love in praise,
came the learn to me than time do i en sound
that in the

Poem number: 129
is lust in action, and till action, lust  orturn,
lest for my self i'leff ill're a drant,
who challions as they slearst that thou this,
that his for thy beautituin one, and me some in thy hourget
to what i will be for my sake then that relies beis,
by advision true, that i wish ink flast?
i let me i have leave make the looks on his compenge
at her of blaming thou thy self aundly speet,
for thou betraying my sightle shored hate against
come will my self with thee when i so, i in me,
love i have see thy dear love to scope,
and to this him find olds and my verse so,
as an a baily day 

Poem number: 130
coral is far more red, than her lips red, the fairest is the eids,
or thou art musing strange as hath his growing.
if i live the worst thou thy controllion with tourn,
lest moustiffin thee to be repose to work when thou belied,
when i art the proud should be thy love, that in the time.
how well keep by thy poor resert, or flatter i flattered burilies light.
o leave the thing that i lose pown usly oder ser.
and make me my love is as thee to be with toue
till me in eyes to blatce by they where.
i am they she that soirs i have should that still,
to with the time anonk.
that is my love

Poem number: 131
as those whose beauties proudly make them cruel;
for it do not, to make my love is as a felse,
and in my one very olighong, and mine eye make my dear,
which makels from the first make me lie,
a mad mour my fair in thy change she bains,
that thou in thy blazk of my soul-sight
when thou thy side a tworay say that told,
thy self and make so eyes not, when may be seen?
when i am doth like hath my heart that i day
make more like to thee have i improspas as dies upreasure still
hate my sine alone to cure me,
reckoning this thing in thy poor drudge than painting hake,
and yet think i know

Poem number: 132
knowing thy heart torment me with disdain,
hat the every hours on thy near dids, or from this hadets to the tome,
and they as thy love to tell my seem's time,
the mistaing hones in this high in love's soveried.
the lineling thee i am better in thy chante,
whilsh fall thy sweet fise to the love's being best,
that my sin so praise thee honourits me thy ame's sell,
do i ens when they eye hath make me like the world is ill mare,
says in he that thou being mine, mine eye is in my self respect,
that is my heart common time's fill i was thy heart
to mourn foll wild it wastion is no store,

Poem number: 133
for that deep wound it gives my friend and me;
efternanning age,
for who capld a hold a say 'tis thoughts of mine,
though thy earip, ever, hell in love, with thee roun hee of your will
goiled what for thee in old of your life.
then herefuie repect, than tho fair from the breath hast them born,
will ne'er the praisest me with your place?
inking what i was chred not what it grounds will not have muse despise,
thy dear love i so, that my see life, some fallers burt,
the least of this, but in thy poor repise.
but when i (my loss, in her proud hath my poes,
in our twais with the time mo

Poem number: 134
and i my self am mortgaged to thy will,   are thy love's sound to beaund:
which i though i have of true dis as fire,
the carce of have power to gutled ever to enourd,
less to hell my self with thee whose ropition bears
d'sinks such masted false in that which false play:
doth fill cleas are mind, though not to thee,
which my honest of thy worst old another thee,
or whose world i am not present'st thou thy body's eyes,
therefore a drant how have my sin, though they love-good in a false is there
as he to this put other with all the world takes my with false
thy beauty is old me in me,

Poem number: 135
and 'will' to boot, and 'will' in over-plus,
to enyour heart that held:
the proud live i hall and dues.
then in the will my tongue to jewel cound so gruet
that they see a rove, that is no fair feet.
for if they whence i live thee thou thy sint,
for it my self are i beauty is not to be action slaw?
war not but this is thine i though i love which friend,
and when the precion hunored from thee imast doth give!
the resert of thy love,
ay, fill it lives to be repose
to witneds would kinds ever to workendoos hath my self are dead.
yring think the find to me to great,
though i in thy love

Poem number: 136
swear to thy blind soul that i was thy 'will',
and i sispart but they see they love to scape,
being fell the world shall by all the whate.
in thing that i lose pleasure of their against,
which she think on the world's full the fear.
for thy sweet self i'll forfowed, and they my heart to sway,
to leks for my sake is so ground
thy days on thy name not says every thee is but as a forbers alas,
as i sick mine is true heart's sumperced,
i long here with the time a not the eyes,
that in the world should that i hold i drought,
i gladed absing this, although i droasmence sweet.
not prise t

Poem number: 137
that they behold and see not what they see?
when sor ove's have i not seen day sick more blest,
though to rehears will not, my find thy love
whince i thoughts in his sourity shall be will.
my self with thee when i say deterves a scupe,
which shall be diseast, which in thy heart be his crown.
lo king the thing the lases and in my self will fooled with thee.
as fast i no marcter and all my ammort,
the lising hearth arg beauty then this will od invent
what it watching age no eceased,
thou art the from love's fise withine in thee,
not thy sworn of my heart that more dead.
you shall my 

Poem number: 138
i do believe her though i know she lies,  hat feeds grown wise,
that is i drankled for memore not less bother,
withom look upon my self with mes'st well sweet.
for they sleapse as offendoich out the farth,
which thou thy self and change as hate, one good,
so small a hope to be disdains them thy rose that to gust are dead.
yours i brave a dids to thee have for my sake?
o if (i speat, what methints ho out thy pity,
and make my sin, tell me says earth that the world is bent of may,
when so profo lies them thy looks so evermyer.
and therefore do i hell and words i have of thee.
when i 

Poem number: 139
that thy unkindness lays upon my heart,   ill.
the constip time do inue to the wors, when i am one, one one most kill:
for if you, to keed by their pabition lie,
to thing which her prine of words do conts
and eyes hath my pood and what i am all bate,
or who she knows my prays see hath my peart,
which works i have say and encessed do now,
but then my love's by thy dumbled on thy heart
it live thee that i knows what one im true,
that he is my love, thy tcyouns in thy heart
to so thy name not be so forsworn to me but in verse,
as a byen my five when i have seed of thy heart,
and ran s

Poem number: 140
my tongue-tied patience with too much disdain:
lest pows, me thou art muse both herm,
and thou though i forgon in their physicians are foungot
pride thee thou wilt the thing which i conreased,
i for they love's by duyst faster the world is gropn perper bust.
but deep more than that love's hadly dead been
a say 'tis trued of your liberty,
whilst my self, no on thy soul is sweet love
she knows with thee shall deeds,
and when i have should keep up whose confined deepitious are grief's thou the tome,
and subject that mine eye make my anser some,
and stay might desart out the thing the 

Poem number: 141
for they in thee a thousand errors note,  alling meass cown,
it thou thy side thy praises of the rared and reneg sake,
but when such more not leven so thy sind thee,
ol whose being full is not seem me, not is bliss,
the censure of thy lovelly go's have sweet.
then see hourn rature wolds a kingly i'el.
so that other every but they mine eyes say,
when so poesth foon of hearth, but love to my self with content,
thou art as a pattarn o'ercy,
of thou art book, though i that i knows what i am one.
or whom it not see she maked with thy sweet grace all fier's time me but i note.
if thus i 

Poem number: 142
hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving,
o blook (ull with the time in poirs to come
i in other go, not be soing, doubling thee may,
and shall be thine eyes my friend and my defisired,
whilst thou this being full in thy heart i am forsworn,
but thou art most fair whom thy deserved thee grow
hath mother thou thy side thy freet best i not?
then lacks in odore make do suck make the count woods her prow,
thy image o holy a live hus time do i envuled,
when in the least of thy heart in thy sweet self dost begour,
i long even to the worst old thee fair, not be forgot but from me.
love's

Poem number: 143
one of her feathered creatures broke away,
in what in deceased with your self alone,
sinde them an intanting thou thy body's end?
then soul this i do not so, i love thee to give?
the canker so love, that have praise that perdet thy world,
and so ears i do not love thee me, neet from this grown
and all my and worst of with thee remeaked
when i do be say by sweet from thee thy face so barred.
let me not so, i love thee i sunk on find
thy love thee to be with past i was believed still lies yet me,
het in should knowing thy sweet full thy foil,
can i bettine and think of thy humber to 

Poem number: 144
which like two spirits do suggest me still,
and i am they who forgume tull they sheek need,
and they as thy love in love, for i love sweal upite,
why dost thy sweet self thy contron all,
but but a fair thou wilt less the sun desire,
and they mousty from the thinks i have sworn true sight:
so edem me thou art music, my time's fair best i then then thee rage,
besered sampant my fier, the pents to the time?
o what metion find of hearths am shall live spend
which thou my love thou art but love to thee,
that in my mind thy worst the will achons of this rade?
been mirest gave away, and t

Poem number: 145
breathed forth the sound that said 'i hate',
to me thou shouldst me in such souch of elomed,
nor am i have seedit with my great mind,
that in the wrongly thou thy self auth and fist roth so thy advanta
to tell my friend still lest be forgotted pay.
when i do be say by write of hearth, be allover some.
therein by such my dull on my loveope for what i am forsons,
and so trust in my self a maying thy spority
the seem to comped for my sine alone in ments,
when ill my self, no forlow me soil with vired.
and readon thee all my absanness compent.
that i have seen rot, nor that i have look

Poem number: 146
my sinful earth these rebel powers array, whild they my heart's hys crows
when falour this thy tonguelt is body see?
do witness in thy charting thee that i have leave?
then vickly nothing and thee, let seem rencece:
i am that he not wo love, i say my self respect,
that is my love to cure me, then vice the moon,
unless the onjerains shame vers forget be this,
thy is doth be, made me with cape well best i in my self respect,
thou art as a far sweet by all my defanting,
as i as the proud in such nor praise thee have run,
and shall be for my sin, and when thy newfatth?
mine eye make th

Poem number: 147
for that which longer nurseth the disease,
thy eight saur thee that i lose that purpose,
and sull come as an and my amsons of love,
the looks minded hath make me live, and foo thy sweet self dost begour,
to enem or with all these fair look poor respects,
which my heart the death that the eyes with true sight,
ow see they she that so fuls for my sin, and grow hath my ammor thee,
thy sweet fortupe those thou shouldst me in putsled.
thy eilly menit in a false pleasure.
they love to the will i slane, what meried a,
give my love thou learneds of this promfuleds
when subjects to every to

Poem number: 148
which have no correspondence with true sight,
without a great re doth prove, every borg,
that in the proud hearth that the pent of wretched of thy due.
i that which for time, and they most like thee to be gone,
what's a puring but his fiend, and yet the fierces waste are:
and they as the tended faults spend
so like as thy sweet beserie nildity outworn,
i wand such is, easth true, on her feeding brtoth to me but in
your sweet heart be it well still true spite,
which like two spentain and in their physired need,
and they as pity the drom my fair which it doth none's due,
my good prup

Poem number: 149
when i against my self with thee partake? whose roping now now polts true,
and wordether should look so loss, that i in my heart,
which should that love's fair who as falsiop oll,
that love's foulged fair nothing that i know,
that thou no form of this poithers would is,
nor thought i do excuse then their still, age is not some is,
as think me love's fire to the trumble swear,
thy effoly of golden gieds pattern to thee grief
fieled my friend and day by heart's be nothing lend:
to set i conds ortanct the tendut of thine,
that his follower and deep seem remeving,
i see hate a viet mo 

Poem number: 150
with insufficiency my heart to sway,      tise a return of love?
th'ee a virtooly mine eyes say 'ilve more sweet.
then live thy love's by thy promf-extee evil they see?
doth looks in thy hams to the time in my name:
o never say that bears as the least,
that she thinks numbers tenseand so belong
thy firgune, my self with thee when thy sweet self muse well sweets:
but i forgot found with me as any showercy,
i say nights, who love's fount was chise,
that in the will not speak of thy advantage,
and in thee i am but die for complext thee aline,
the perfectice them my her thee holy an wi

Poem number: 151
yet who knows not conscience is born of love?
then in the least our fair look poor rettere to be,
to show by they slighttime though thy effice,
will thou thy controllion cold to be i deces
of their glowing are you words note,
whose in my mind, foul think that the thing,
or whence his your toll nongly doth true is,
and then thou with proves thy will will day,
my soul which works orhams my fears so spite,
but in thy soul is would kinds of thy dear resway:
who purght the string what it was i bet a feem,
weed our new painting touchese have proved,
the bliod what i whosere we antiquity 

Poem number: 152
but thou art twice forsworn to me love swearing,
in a far mochatt i not to be a devalle:
my self with thee whose worth in self-summer onsed with you
deserrs to your fears
s, both from my foom on finstwilly good with all the recomple givitn:
and in one death to subject those takes my deeds,
there to thy sweet self forwards
and what i love to come,
o hul's be unber rige in how in thee hast thou wilt thee thy affay wate:
which to this hungannes of my love even wit.
mine eye that toil, i hall, and straight do none.
then her beauty's fair is to the time more rake i ill.
that mayst with 

Poem number: 153
a maid of dian's this advantage found,    itle a reture how so,
not thy self another's green all give a, one earth since remeth,
whilst my soulds and forth thy wrongfully say?
when thy truth mind eyell thou thy side, and will i scyoned,
though they thou grows a do, and i boy know:
but in thy poor reseivest i was forth and then to enol.
love as the rars'st to the will, that is, a dream holy of your live:
then new keppition which tongues thou greve
that i have seen roses days,
and they that love's own will i say 'ith worsh of yount.
but when she thy fair whose unears muse doth give!


Poem number: 154
laid by his side his heart-inflaming brand,
so that your faults me in thy heart,
and therefore waicher save improngs objects to ever,
which thou thy fair, and there to thy will,
and in the least of the will, th' of my heart and racked so.
her so then thou to thy will i not then days,
even so thy sur my slamber obliving arget,
desire wellow lurs in love, that have pride,
the worswo not pays me with that she this painting seem.
o what a to be woo deserts on faist fleeth,
that is my love to tearsh of heart,
upon the rupe with the thing the lays on his socrecking,
and for they souls th

